DONE.md, before:

# 📝 DONE List

## 🚀 Project Roadmap

### MVP (Minimum Viable Product)

- [x] Set up project repository
  - [x] Initialize a new Git repository
  - [x] Configure README.md, .gitignore, and basic project structure
- [x] Initial project setup
  - [x] Set up Go and Air
  - [x] Set up go lint
  - [x] Set up Dockerfile
  - [x] Set up entrypoint and supervisord
  - [x] Set up releaserc and commitlint
  - [x] Implement hexagonal structure
- [x] Create the project CI
  - [x] Create a CI step to run tests, lint and vet
  - [x] Create a CI step to mark the PR as ready to merge (only on PRs)
  - [x] Create a CI step to run the releaserc (only on main branch push)
  - [x] Create a CI step to build the docker image and push to Docker Hub
  - [x] Create a CI step to run the lint on PR title (to trigger the releaserc and deploy)
  - [x] Create a CI step to deploy the docker image into EC2 server
    - [x] Setup SSH using SSH key
    - [x] Remove old images from EC2 machine
    - [x] Set up the environment variables through CI with docker and github secrets
    - [x] Set up container run
- [x] Deployment
  - [x] Configure Netlify for continuous deployment
  - [x] Set up custom domain and SSL certificate with certbot
  - [x] Set up nginx server
- [x] AWS
  - [x] Integrate S3
  - [x] Integrate EC2
  - [x] Integrate RDS
  - [x] Integrate SES
  - [x] Integrate SQS
  - [x] Integrate ElastiCache with Redis OSS
- [x] Auth
  - [x] Create the login method
  - [x] Create the register method
  - [x] Create the password forgot method
  - [x] Create the password reset method
  - [x] Create the password reset method from user profile (with current password validation)
- [x] Documentation
  - [x] Create a detailed readme and how to run API locally
  - [x] Create a contribution guide for open source contributors
- [x] Experience for users
  - [x] User should have the experience quantity
- [x] Coins
  - [x] User should have the coins quantity
  - [x] Create user wallet
  - [x] Migrate the user coins quantity for a has one relation for wallet
  - [x] Create missions to earn coins
  - [x] Create daily tasks to earn free coins
- [x] Update user
  - [x] Request password for sensitive changes, such as email or nickname
  - [x] Update user email
  - [x] Update user nickname
  - [x] Update user basics, such as name and birthdate
- [x] Buy titles
  - [x] Create method to buy titles
  - [x] Check if user has enough coins
  - [x] Reward user with title
  - [x] Chargeback user amount on wallet if has ocurred any error with process to give title to user
  - [x] Create a transaction for this operation
  - [x] Send an email for that operation or transaction
- [x] Create notifications
  - [x] Notify users for new transaction
  - [x] Get all user notifications
  - [x] Create a notification on service
  - [x] Delete notification
  - [x] Mark notification as read
  - [x] Mark notification as unread
  - [x] Mark all notifications as read
  - [x] Mark all notifications as unread
  - [x] Check if notification belongs to user
  - [x] Delete all user notifications
- [x] AWS
  - [x] SQS
  - [x] Change notifications and transactions generation to SQS
  - [x] Create async processes
- [x] Missions system
  - [x] Create missions for the users
  - [x] Add possibility to create missions for specic users
  - [x] Missions can have the possibility to reward with coins and experience
  - [x] Create transaction for coins addition on mission complete
  - [x] Create notification for mission complete
  - [x] Add message to SQS
- [x] Award titles on level pass if applicable
- [x] Award titles on missions complete if applicable
- [x] Title system
  - [x] Create titles requirements
  - [x] Add posibility to purchase some titles by coins
  - [x] Some titles could be earned by doing missions/quests
  - [x] Some titles could be earned just getting some level
- [x] Create categories table
- [x] Create tags table
- [x] Create genres table
- [x] Create platforms table
- [x] Create languages table
- [x] Adding outline for games
  - [x] Associating games with platforms
  - [x] Associating games with categories
  - [x] Associating games with tags
  - [x] Associating games with genres
  - [x] Associating games with languages
- [x] Create association for games or DLCs
  - [x] Create torrent websites (such as firgitl, skidrow etc)
  - [x] Create the kind of protections (such as Denuvo, Steam, GOG etc)
  - [x] Create game developers (such as Game Science)
  - [x] Create game publishers (such as Game Science)
  - [x] Create requirement types
    - [x] A requirement type should have a potential column, that should be enum, with minimum, maximum or recommended
    - [x] A requirement type should have a type column, that should be enum, with windows, mac or linux
  - [x] Create requirements and associate with requirement types
- [x] Create game outline system
  - [x] Add game DLCs
  - [x] Add game critics
  - [x] Add game torrents
  - [x] Add game crack
  - [x] Add game reviews
  - [x] Add game galleries
  - [x] Add game publishers
  - [x] Add game developers
  - [x] Add game requirements
  - [x] Add game comments (for torrents section)
  - [x] Add game support
  - [x] Add game hearts
  - [x] Add game views
  - [x] Add game stores
- [x] User heart on games
- [x] User heart on comments or replies
- [x] Create a method to receive all main data from API for HOME
  - [x] Method should return home banners
  - [x] Method should return 9 popular games
  - [x] Method should return the next most awaited release (and should stay for one week as released)
  - [x] Method should return 9 hot games
  - [x] Method should return 9 most liked games
  - [x] Method should return 9 upcoming games

### Post MVP

Commit message:

feat: adding first lines for admin

DONE.md, after:

# 📝 DONE List

## 🚀 Project Roadmap

### MVP (Minimum Viable Product)

- [x] Set up project repository
  - [x] Initialize a new Git repository
  - [x] Configure README.md, .gitignore, and basic project structure
- [x] Initial project setup
  - [x] Set up Go and Air
  - [x] Set up go lint
  - [x] Set up Dockerfile
  - [x] Set up entrypoint and supervisord
  - [x] Set up releaserc and commitlint
  - [x] Implement hexagonal structure
- [x] Create the project CI
  - [x] Create a CI step to run tests, lint and vet
  - [x] Create a CI step to mark the PR as ready to merge (only on PRs)
  - [x] Create a CI step to run the releaserc (only on main branch push)
  - [x] Create a CI step to build the docker image and push to Docker Hub
  - [x] Create a CI step to run the lint on PR title (to trigger the releaserc and deploy)
  - [x] Create a CI step to deploy the docker image into EC2 server
    - [x] Setup SSH using SSH key
    - [x] Remove old images from EC2 machine
    - [x] Set up the environment variables through CI with docker and github secrets
    - [x] Set up container run
- [x] Deployment
  - [x] Configure Netlify for continuous deployment
  - [x] Set up custom domain and SSL certificate with certbot
  - [x] Set up nginx server
- [x] AWS
  - [x] Integrate S3
  - [x] Integrate EC2
  - [x] Integrate RDS
  - [x] Integrate SES
  - [x] Integrate SQS
  - [x] Integrate ElastiCache with Redis OSS
- [x] Auth
  - [x] Create the login method
  - [x] Create the register method
  - [x] Create the password forgot method
  - [x] Create the password reset method
  - [x] Create the password reset method from user profile (with current password validation)
- [x] Documentation
  - [x] Create a detailed readme and how to run API locally
  - [x] Create a contribution guide for open source contributors
- [x] Experience for users
  - [x] User should have the experience quantity
- [x] Coins
  - [x] User should have the coins quantity
  - [x] Create user wallet
  - [x] Migrate the user coins quantity for a has one relation for wallet
  - [x] Create missions to earn coins
  - [x] Create daily tasks to earn free coins
- [x] Update user
  - [x] Request password for sensitive changes, such as email or nickname
  - [x] Update user email
  - [x] Update user nickname
  - [x] Update user basics, such as name and birthdate
- [x] Buy titles
  - [x] Create method to buy titles
  - [x] Check if user has enough coins
  - [x] Reward user with title
  - [x] Chargeback user amount on wallet if has ocurred any error with process to give title to user
  - [x] Create a transaction for this operation
  - [x] Send an email for that operation or transaction
- [x] Create notifications
  - [x] Notify users for new transaction
  - [x] Get all user notifications
  - [x] Create a notification on service
  - [x] Delete notification
  - [x] Mark notification as read
  - [x] Mark notification as unread
  - [x] Mark all notifications as read
  - [x] Mark all notifications as unread
  - [x] Check if notification belongs to user
  - [x] Delete all user notifications
- [x] AWS
  - [x] SQS
  - [x] Change notifications and transactions generation to SQS
  - [x] Create async processes
- [x] Missions system
  - [x] Create missions for the users
  - [x] Add possibility to create missions for specic users
  - [x] Missions can have the possibility to reward with coins and experience
  - [x] Create transaction for coins addition on mission complete
  - [x] Create notification for mission complete
  - [x] Add message to SQS
- [x] Award titles on level pass if applicable
- [x] Award titles on missions complete if applicable
- [x] Title system
  - [x] Create titles requirements
  - [x] Add posibility to purchase some titles by coins
  - [x] Some titles could be earned by doing missions/quests
  - [x] Some titles could be earned just getting some level
- [x] Create categories table
- [x] Create tags table
- [x] Create genres table
- [x] Create platforms table
- [x] Create languages table
- [x] Adding outline for games
  - [x] Associating games with platforms
  - [x] Associating games with categories
  - [x] Associating games with tags
  - [x] Associating games with genres
  - [x] Associating games with languages
- [x] Create association for games or DLCs
  - [x] Create torrent websites (such as firgitl, skidrow etc)
  - [x] Create the kind of protections (such as Denuvo, Steam, GOG etc)
  - [x] Create game developers (such as Game Science)
  - [x] Create game publishers (such as Game Science)
  - [x] Create requirement types
    - [x] A requirement type should have a potential column, that should be enum, with minimum, maximum or recommended
    - [x] A requirement type should have a type column, that should be enum, with windows, mac or linux
  - [x] Create requirements and associate with requirement types
- [x] Create game outline system
  - [x] Add game DLCs
  - [x] Add game critics
  - [x] Add game torrents
  - [x] Add game crack
  - [x] Add game reviews
  - [x] Add game galleries
  - [x] Add game publishers
  - [x] Add game developers
  - [x] Add game requirements
  - [x] Add game comments (for torrents section)
  - [x] Add game support
  - [x] Add game hearts
  - [x] Add game views
  - [x] Add game stores
- [x] User heart on games
- [x] User heart on comments or replies
- [x] Create a method to receive all main data from API for HOME
  - [x] Method should return home banners
  - [x] Method should return 9 popular games
  - [x] Method should return the next most awaited release (and should stay for one week as released)
  - [x] Method should return 9 hot games
  - [x] Method should return 9 most liked games
  - [x] Method should return 9 upcoming games
- [x] Admin system
  - [x] Create login method for admin
    - [x] Find by email
    - [x] Check roles and permiffions before allow login
    - [x] Check user block on platform
  - [x] Create logout method for admin
  - [x] Create me method for admin
    - [x] Return user permissions
    - [x] Return user roles

### Post MVP
